Here is the app we've been working on in the last course module opened in Visual Studio Code.
Now that's the editor, the IDE we've been using throughout this course
and I showed how to set it up and how to basically configure it in the first course module,
so definitely make sure you watch that,
well I guess otherwise the last module was a bit hard to follow along anyways.
Now this editor is configured to suit my needs and I recommended some basic configuration which I like because
I don't think I have that much of a special taste,
still make sure you tweak this to your likings and that starts with the look. In Visual Studio Code
and of course in most or in all editors and IDEs, you will find similar settings, you are able to adjust its
appearance. In Visual Studio Code, you do that under code preferences and then for example here, the color
theme. The color theme is the core thing that influences how the editor looks like and a lot of people
prefer the dark look I have here, in my case with the dark plus default dark theme but you can also go
for a light theme if you're a fan of this or choose one of the many other install themes you find there.
You can also install additional themes with the help of the extensions section which I'll dive into
in a second.
So the theme here is the first thing with which it all starts, now besides the general theme, you can
also set a file icon theme here in Visual Studio Code and there, I installed the material icon theme
with you in course module one. You can of course also go with one of the built-in themes or install any
other theme you want,
either with this shortcut here but this will also just lead you to the extensions marketplace if you want
to call it like this and we'll have a look at that in a second.
So the look of course should really suit your needs.
It's also not just a theme and the icons, also make sure that here in the view section, you configure
the appearance the way you want it to look, that you show the side bar or the status bar, maybe show one
of the other things you can show here, like that activity panel here which I personally don't like to
have which is why I remove it here.
So really play around with these settings and find a layout that you like, that works for you, that allows
you to be productive.